RS: Update mac-os.md grammatical error (#285)
redis/docs: content/operate/oss_and_stack/install/install-stack/mac-os.md

### First-time Redis installation

> If this is the first time you've installed Redis on your system, then all Redis Stack binaries are installed and accessible from the `$PATH`. On Apple silicon Macs, this assumes that `/opt/homebrew/bin` is in your path. On Intel-based Macs, `/usr/local/bin` should be in the `$PATH`.

Reviewer: I think this is better. What do you think Nima?

```suggestion
If this is the first time you've installed Redis on your system, you need to be sure that your `PATH` variable includes the Redis Stack installation location. This location is either `/opt/homebrew/bin` for Apple silicon Macs or `/usr/local/bin` for Intel-based Macs.
```

Author: lgtm
